fix: add support for delayed downscale port in the URL (#176)
grafana/rollout-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Improved handling of URL ports in `createPrepareDownscaleEndpoints` function. The function now correctly preserves the port when replacing the host in the URL. #[PR_NUMBER]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Improved handling of URL ports in `createPrepareDownscaleEndpoints` function. The function now correctly preserves the port when replacing the host in the URL. #176
```
